hey Trevor
were you going homie
hey let's do this in a quiet place Oh me
good asshole driver
Trevor doh
also you go around from me huh
not the car
yo where are you man I'm chasing t
through the oil field shit okay I'm not
far away try and stop him
fuck i thought i was with one Judas I'm
surrounded by them you faked mother
fucker you want a piece of me fucking a
gelding you wanna kill me look nigga
fucking shot
you're always like gasoline driver man
that was your best fucking free fuck you
oh oh oh you know what tough guy it's
this time you grow the fuck up may I
admit I'm a bad piece of work but that
guy that piece of shit No Boundaries no
sensou when to back off no nothing 24-7
insanity day in day out all the time
never regretted nothing cared for
nothing oh fuck him I mean there's got
to be a limit kid yo point where even
assholes like us say enough is he
fucking enough human stew that's my
limit I know that now
I guess that's that Dean it is what it
is
hey it's certainly been an education
surviving is winning Franklin everything
else is bullshit fairy tale spun by
people afraid to look life in the eye
whatever it takes kid survive damn
straight